welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
stoker
on her 18th birthday india stoker
miyawasakowska a girl with a strong
acuteness of the senses
has her life turned upside down after
her loving father richard
dermot mulroney dies in a horrific car
accident
she has left with her unstable mother
evelyn nicole
kidman at richard's funeral evelyn and
india are introduced to richard's
charismatic brother charlie
matthew goode who has spent his life
traveling the world
india who didn't know charlie existed is
perturbed by his presence
he announces that he is staying
indefinitely to help support
india and evelyn much to evelyn's
delight and
india's chagrin shortly after
india witnesses charlie argue with mrs
mcgarrick
phyllis somerville the head caretaker of
the house
mrs mcgarrett complains to charlie that
she has been his
eyes and ears since he was a boy
mrs mcgarrick then disappears
charlie and evelyn grow intimate while
india continues to rebuff his attempts
to befriend her
later her great-aunt gwendolyn jackie
weaver
visits the family much to evelyn and
charlie's dismay
at dinner gwendolyn shows surprise at
charlie's claims of traveling the world
and tells evelyn that she needs to talk
to her about charlie
gwendolyn ends up changing hotels due to
an unexplained fear and suspicion of
charlie
however she loses her cell phone and
tries to call the stokers home from her
hotel pay phone
charlie corners her in the phone booth
and strangles her to death with his belt
meanwhile india discovers mrs
mcgarrick's body
in the freezer and realizes charlie is a
murderer
india unleashes her inner aggression at
school and stabs a bully
chris pitts lucas till in the hand with
a pencil
after he tries to land a surprise punch
to her head
this draws the attention of another
classmate whip taylor
alden ehrenreich india goes home and
witnesses evelyn and charlie growing
intimate
she wanders off to a local diner where
she runs into whip
she and whip go into the woods where
they proceed to make out until
india aggressively bites him whip
attempts to rape
india until charlie intervenes and
breaks whip's neck with his belt while
whip's body lies on top of india
india aids charlie in burying the body
in her garden
she attempts to call gwendolyn but
here's her phone ring in the garden
realizing charlie killed her too
india takes a shower and masturbates to
the memory of the murder
climaxing as she remembers charlie
breaking whip's neck
while going through richard's office to
gather things of his she wants to keep
india discovers that a key she received
as a birthday present
belongs to a locked drawer to richard's
desk
inside she finds dozens of letters
charlie wrote to her over the years
which detail his travels and his love
for his niece
although they have never met however
she sees that the sending address has a
mental institution
she confronts charlie who explains the
truth
charlie murdered his and richard's
younger brother jonathan as a child by
burying him alive in a sandbox because
he was jealous that richard paid more
attention to him
he was then put in a mental institution
when released on india's 18th birthday
richard gives
charlie a car money and an apartment in
new york city on the condition that he
stay away from richard's family
feeling hurt and betrayed charlie beat
richard to death with a rock and staged
the car accident
at first india is in shock and angered
but
charlie explains he has come for her
then gives her a birthday present
a pair of stiletto heels she seemingly
forgives charlie and grows closer after
he provides an alibi for her when
sheriff howard ralph brown questions her
about
whip's disappearance they grow close to
intimate before evelyn witnesses them
charlie proceeds to tell india that he
wants her to come to new york with him
and that he had waited for her until her
18th birthday so she is now of age
later evelyn coldly expresses her desire
to watch india
suffer before confronting charlie
implying that she knows the truth about
richard's death and charlie's stint in
the mental institute
charlie seduces evelyn and then attempts
to strangle her with a belt before
india fatally shoots him with a rifle
she then buries charlie's body
in the backyard and then she leaves for
new york in his car
india is pulled over for speeding by
sheriff howard
who asks her why she's in a hurry
she replies that she wanted to catch his
attention
then plunges a pair of pruning shears
into his neck
she pursues the wounded sheriff into a
field to dispatch him with her rifle
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
[Music]
you